Now coming to the seventh
most common misconception or allegation
against Islam that Islam subjugates the
woman by keeping her behind the wheel.
They're talking about the hijab. And
before we give the reply to this
question, why Islam has asked the woman
to wear hijab? Let us know the history
about the various civilization. When we
read history, we come to know that in
the Babylonian civilization, if you see
before Islam came, the women were looked
on upon, they were not given their
rights. They were considered subhuman.
They were used for sex and pleasure.
We'll just try and know what did the
various civilization, how did they treat
the woman? In the Babylonian
civilization, if a man murdered a woman,
instead of him being put to death, his
wife was put to death. Can you believe
if a man murdered a woman, his wife was
put to death. In the Greek civilization
which is known as the great civilization
though the woman lived modestly. They
had a they had a myth that there was a
woman by the name of Pandora which was
the which was the reason for all the
misfortune in society. And the Greek
civilization they believed in Pandora a
female which was responsible for all the
misfortune in the society. Though the
Greek society believed in modesty but
later on when ego came they became so
egoous that prostitution started.
Besides the woman being considered as a
reason for misfortune even prostitution
became ample in the Greek civilization.
When we read the Roman civilization
there in Roman civilization taking the
life of the woman a man could take the
life of his wife no problem no
punishment that means a man could kill
his wife. Prostitution was common nudity
was common in Roman civilization. So men
woman were used for sex and pleasure and
thrown away. In the Egyptian
civilization the woman was considered as
an evil and a sign of the devil. In Arab
civilization before the Quran was
revealed very often when a woman was
born she was put to death. So after the
Quran was revealed after Prophet
Muhammad sallallahu alaihi wasallam who
was one of the major benefactor of the
woman after the Quran was revealed Islam
gave equal status to man and woman are
equal but not identical. And I've given
a full talk on this issue women's rights
in Islam that men and women are equal
but they aren't identical. full talk you
can refer to that. So when Islam
uplifted the woman, Islam also showed a
way how the woman should maintain her
modesty. Before talking about the
modesty for the woman, Quran first
speaks about the modesty for the man and
then for the woman. The Quran says in
surah N chapter number 24 verse number
30, say to the believing man that he
should lower his gear and guard his
modesty. Say to the believing man that
he should lower his gear and guard his
modesty. That means whenever a man looks
at a woman and if any unashamed thought
comes he should lower his case. Once
there was a Muslim brother who was
staring at a girl for a long time. I
said brother what are you doing? It's
not allowed in Islam. It's haram. So he
told me that a beloved prophet said the
first glance is permitted. The second is
prohibited. I have not completed half my
glance. What did the prophet mean when
he said the first glance is permitted
the second is prohibited. That does that
means that accidentally if you look at a
woman do not look at her again to feast
on a beauty. That does not mean you can
look at a woman for 10 minutes without
blinking and saying I have not completed
my glance. The next verse speaks about
the hijab for the woman. Allah says in
surah nur chapter number 24 verse number
31. Say to the believing man that he
should lower his gaze and guard his
modesty. And dis and say to the
believing woman that she should lower
her gaz and guard her modesty. And
display not her beauty except what
appears ordinary of and draw her head
covering over the bosom. And display not
her beauty except to a husband to her
father to the husband's father to the
son and a long list of maram who she
cannot marry is given.